docs-only: large fixes and template troubleshooting section (#519)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-golden-config: docs/user/troubleshooting/troubleshoot_credentials.md

# Troubleshooting Credentials

Credentials are an important aspect of the Golden Config application. In order to capture backup configs the application must have credentials to login to network devices. Golden Config simply utilizes another library to generate the inventory and to populate the credentials to use.

At the time of writing this there are three main credentials types that Golden Config can utilize.

- Environment Variables
- Configuration Settings Variables
- Nautobot Integrated Secrets Group Functionality

These are documented in the [Nautobot Plugin Nornir](https://docs.nautobot.com/projects/plugin-nornir/en/latest/user/app_feature_credentials/) documentation.

### No Username/Password Preemptively Failed

This will cover some things to check for each of the credentials classes supported.

- Environment Variables

>     - Make sure the `PLUGIN_CONFIG` is correct and the credentials class is not typo'd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Make sure the `PLUGIN_CONFIG` is correct and the credentials class is do not have a typo.
```

    ```python
    PLUGINS_CONFIG = {
    "nautobot_plugin_nornir": {
        "nornir_settings": {
           "credentials": "nautobot_plugin_nornir.plugins.credentials.env_vars.CredentialsEnvVars"
            },
        }
    }
    ```

>     - Make sure the the three environment variables are defined and accessible in the worker node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Make sure the three environment variables are defined and accessible in the worker node. Please refer [here](https://docs.nautobot.com/projects/plugin-nornir/en/latest/user/app_feature_credentials/#environment-variables) for details:
```

        - NAPALM_USERNAME
        - NAPALM_PASSWORD
        - DEVICE_SECRET

- Configuration Settings Variables

>     - Make sure the `PLUGIN_CONFIG` is correct and the credentials class is not typo'd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Make sure the `PLUGIN_CONFIG` is correct and the credentials class do not have a typo.
```

    ```python
    PLUGINS_CONFIG = {
        "nautobot_plugin_nornir": {
            "nornir_settings": {
                "credentials": "nautobot_plugin_nornir.plugins.credentials.settings_vars.CredentialsSettingsVars",
            },
            "username": "ntc",
            "password": "password123",
            "secret": "password123",
        }
    }
    ```

    !!! info

>         A common pattern is to have these username/password/secrets reference "other" environment variables using the `os.getenv()` python function. This is fine, but the environment variables **MUST** be resolvable from within the workers environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        A common pattern is to have these username/password/secrets reference "other" environment variables using the `os.getenv()` python function. This pattern works well, but the environment variables **MUST** be resolvable from within the workers environment.
```

- Nautobot Integrated Secrets Group Functionality

    This credentials class uses the Nautobot core functionality for [secrets/secret_groups](https://docs.nautobot.com/projects/core/en/stable/core-functionality/secrets/). There is some caveats to this feature and some troubleshooting tips are provided below.

>     - Make sure the `PLUGIN_CONFIG` is correct and the credentials class is not typo'd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Make sure the `PLUGIN_CONFIG` is correct and the credentials class do not have a typo.
```

    ```python
    PLUGINS_CONFIG = {
        "nautobot_plugin_nornir": {
            "nornir_settings": {
                "credentials": "nautobot_plugin_nornir.plugins.credentials.nautobot_secrets.CredentialsNautobotSecrets",
            }
        }
    }
    ```

    - Make sure you have the `secrets` defined and properly linked to environment variables or text file(s).
    - Make sure the `secrets` are assigned to a `secret_group` and that the proper "types" are used.

>         !!! warn

Reviewer: Is this spacing wrong?
